GENERAL KNOWLEDGE

1. Explain what a first class object is

    It is an item that depending on the programming language has all the benefits of the other variables.
    A first class object can be created, destroyed, passed to a function, and returned as a value dynamically.
    There are no restrictions on a first class object.

2. Describe the purpose of inheritance. Why is this important in software development?

    Inheritance is an object-oriented pattern. It is used to organize attributes and behaviours in one place.
    It is important in software development because it makes your code cleaner, easier to understand,  
    and centralized when something is being added or changed.

3. What is the main benefit of scoping?

    Scoping can be used to limit a variable's visibility to a range of functions convenient for the programmer.
    Dynamic Scoping is a global identifier and can be beneficial because it can facilitate patching, improve implementation, 
    and facilitate configuration.
    Static/Lexical Scoping sets the range of functionality of a variable so it can be referenced only within the
    block of code it is defined.

4. Explain the difference between a LEFT & RIGHT join

    An SQL JOIN combines rows from two or more tables with matching fields, specified by whoever is writing the JOIN.
    A Left Join returns rows on the left table, even without matching fields in the right table.
    A Right Join does the same thing, vice versa.

5. What is the difference between a hash and an array? When would you use either?

    A Hash is an unordered list of key-value pairs. It is indexed using arbitrary chosen keys of any object type.
    Values in a hash are called by using the name of the hash and the desired key.
    You would use a hash if you wanted to list items with an attribute, in an order of your choosing.

    An Array is an ordered collection of integer-indexed objects. Indexing in an array starts at 0. 
    Items in an array are called by using the name of the array and the desired index.
    You would use an array if you wanted to utilize a list of objects where the order is important.