Customer Satisfaction Survey Management Tool (pseudo code):

    Write a function that runs after customer checkout.
    This function will access an HTML template for an email.
    The email will contain a summary of their purchase, a thank you message,
    and ”Would you recommend us to a friend?” with 2 buttons underneath
    with the options "YES" or "NO".

    The buttons are an <a> tag with an href that redirects you to their corresponding pages.

    When "YES" is clicked, 
        a function will first attempt to detect if the user is logged into their Google account,
        if this is true, it will redirect them to google.com
        from there it will allow them to share the business site via a template post on their Google Plus page

        if they are not logged in to their Google account, 
        it will attempt to detect if the user is logged into their Facebook account,
        
        if they are logged in to their Facebook account, it will redirect them to facebook.com
        from there it will allow them to share the business site via a template post on their Facebook profile
        
        if they are not logged in to their Google account or their Facebook account, 
        it will redirect them to a Thank You page.

    When "NO" is clicked,
        they are redirected to a page that reads “How could we have improved?"
        below the message there will be a form for the customer to fill out with their answer
        
        underneath the form it will read "Would you like to be contacted to settle any outstanding issues?”
        2 radio buttons will be displayed with the options "yes" or "no"
        there will also be a "submit" button, which will be an <a> tag like the previous buttons.
                When it is clicked, a pop up message will appear that reads
                "Thank you for your feedback!"

    Regardless of whether a user clicks "YES" or "NO"
        A function will record their interaction and log it into a database.